Update faq.md (#101)
tlsnotary/docs-mdbook: src/faq.md

A proxy is required only for the browser extension because browsers do not allow extensions to open TCP connections. Instead, our extension opens a websocket connection to a proxy (local or remote) which opens a TCP connection with the server. Our custom TLS client is then attached to this connection and the proxy only sees encrypted data.

> TLSNotary has a [whitelist of application domains](https://docs.tlsnotary.org/developers/notary_server.html#websocket-proxy-server) for the websocket proxy. Run your own local web socket proxy to use TLSNotary with an application not already whitelisted by following [these steps](https://docs.tlsnotary.org/quick_start/browser_extension.html#websocket-proxy).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PSE hosts a WebSocket proxy](https://docs.tlsnotary.org/developers/notary_server.html#websocket-proxy-server) that you can use for development and experimentation. Note that this proxy supports only a limited [whitelist of domains](https://docs.tlsnotary.org/developers/notary_server.html#websocket-proxy-server). For other domains, you can easily run your own local WebSocket by following [these steps](https://docs.tlsnotary.org/quick_start/browser_extension.html#websocket-proxy).
```

- `Accept-Encoding: identity` to avoid compressed responses.
- `Connection: close` to ensure the server closes the connection after the response.

If the issue persists, [enable extra logging](#faq10) with `RUST_LOG=debug` or `RUST_LOG=trace` for deeper insights into what TLSNotary is doing.

> If the connection failure is related to websocket and you are using the browser extension, please ensure that the domain you are connecting to is [whitelisted](https://docs.tlsnotary.org/developers/notary_server.html#websocket-proxy-server) or you will have to [run a local server](https://docs.tlsnotary.org/quick_start/browser_extension.html#websocket-proxy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are connecting through a WebSocket proxy (e.g., in the browser extension), double-check that the WebSocket proxy connects to the intended domain. Note that PSE's public WebSocket proxy only supports a limited [whitelist](https://docs.tlsnotary.org/developers/notary_server.html#websocket-proxy-server). If you use a local proxy, make sure the domain is correct.
```

### What is the difference between TLSNotary and an Oracle? { #faq12 }
TLSNotary is designed to cryptographically prove the authenticity of HTTPS communications without revealing all data, and is not inherently connected to any blockchain systems. It can be used to verify past and/or private communications.

> Oracles are designed to bring off-chain information to specific blockchains. TLSNotary can be used in conjunction with oracles, but not in place of them.

Reviewer: Thanks for bringing this up. We indeed need to explain this here. However, we need to explain it better than your attempt here. I'll file this as a separate issue

### Where can I find some examples of TLSNotary being used? { #faq13 }
Take a look at these previous TLSNotary hackathon prize winners to see some successful use cases.
- Individuum marketplace for online tasks: https://github.com/individuum-labs
- ProofRoyale onchain duels: https://github.com/NillionNetwork/proof-royale
- ZapDL Self Custodial Data Layer: https://github.com/Zap-Brussels/Zap-Ext-Brussels

> - Notar Exchange P2P Fiat<>Crypto using Wise: https://github.com/Notar-Exchange/repository-index

Reviewer: This is already covered on https://tlsnotary.org/use-cases
